Update configure-automated-investigations-remediation.md (#11556)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-automated-investigations-remediation.md

> [!NOTE]
> - Device group creation is supported in Defender for Endpoint Plan 1 and Plan 2.

> [!NOTE]

> > Automated Investigation option has been removed from Advanced features setting and it's enabled by default for all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Automated Investigation option has been removed from the Advanced features setting and is enabled by default for all users.
```
